Graveyard insights: Fixing the issues related to the planet descriptions and mission structuring (#5433)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map.txt

		fleet "Small Deep Security" 27

planet Alix
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/canyon05

> 	description `Alix is a small moon of the gas giant Pathera, lacking a breathable atmosphere but rich in minerals. While the settlements have been blown up to the extent that all that remains is debris scattered across the terrain, some automated mining facilities are still functioning and see a constant traffic of cargo drones, passing here to gather the raw material and bringing it to the reserves of the nearby station in a short time.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Alix is a small moon of the gas giant Pathera, lacking a breathable atmosphere but rich in minerals. While the settlements have been destroyed to the extent that all that remains is debris scattered across the terrain, some automated mining facilities are still functioning and see a constant traffic of cargo drones, passing here to gather the raw material and bringing it to the reserves of the nearby station in a short time.`
```

	"required reputation" 15

planet Celeatis
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/canyon4

> 	description `Celeatis is a barren planet, with mountains covering most of the surface. On some slopes the outline of an outpost can still be recognised, but they are all uninhabited: Some of the villages have been partially destroyed and large amounts of dust cover the remains, to the point that the original colour can't be recognised anymore.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Celeatis is a barren planet with mountains covering most of the surface. On some slopes, the outline of an outpost can still be recognized, but they are all uninhabited: Some of the villages have been partially destroyed, and large amounts of dust cover the remains to the point that the original color can't be recognized anymore.`
```

planet Celeatis
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/canyon4

> 	description `Celeatis is a barren planet with mountains covering most of the surface. Even in the few flat highlands there isn't any kind of vegetation present, as the terrain is too sterile for them to grow in its natural enviroment. On some slopes, the outline of an outpost can still be recognized, but they are all uninhabited: some of the villages have been partially destroyed, and large amounts of dust cover the remains to the point that the original color can't be recognized anymore.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Celeatis is a barren planet with mountains covering most of the surface. Even in the few flat highlands, the terrain is too sterile for any kind of vegetation to grow naturally. On some slopes, the outline of an outpost can still be recognized, but they are all uninhabited: some of the villages have been partially destroyed, and large amounts of dust cover the remains to the point that the original color can't be recognized anymore.`
```

	spaceport `The constant stream of freighters passing through this spaceport is a testament to how much food is needed to feed the densely populated Kimek worlds, in particular their homeworld in the neighboring star system. The city that hosts the spaceport has also become something of a tourist destination for those with adventurous culinary tastes; restaurants here serve recipes native to each of the Coalition species, along with some dishes that blend their three cuisines in unique and sometimes surprising ways.`

planet Ceilia'sei
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/loc2

> 	description `Apart from one large, solid module, very few of this space station remains intact: the cloud of debris surrounding the core makes it very hard to be docked with, and one side of it even appears to have been blown up. The other part, instead, has suffered much less damage, and the surface bristles with dozens of well-maintained turrets.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Apart from one large, solid module, very little of this space station remains intact: the cloud of debris surrounding the core makes it very hard to be docked with, and one side of it even appears to have been blown up. The other part, however, has suffered much less damage, and the surface bristles with dozens of well-maintained turrets.`
```

		fleet "Large Republic" 50

planet Eavine
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/snow8

> 	description `Although its climate is very cold and most of the surface is covered in snow, Eavine also has a crust rich of rare metals and minerals hard to find elsewhere. Entire valleys on the surface have been completely stripped out of their resources, likely to be used in the massive complex of half buried buildings which appears to be the only settlement on this moon that resisted up to this day.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Although its climate is very cold and most of the surface is covered in snow, Eavine has a crust rich with rare metals and minerals hard to find elsewhere. Entire valleys on the surface have been completely stripped of their resources, likely used in the massive complex of half buried buildings which appears to be the only settlement on this moon that remains today.`
```

		fleet "Small Deep Security" 27

planet "Letis'sei"
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/loc3

> 	description `Letis'sei is an ancient station, with cramped interiors and massive inaccessible sections: completely unpressurised and lacking an internal atmosphere, it is hard to imagine how this station was originally intended to look like.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Letis'sei is an ancient station with cramped interiors and massive inaccessible sections. Completely unpressurized and lacking an internal atmosphere, it is hard to imagine what this station originally looked like.`
```

> 	description `	Nonetheless, three impressive cannon-like structures are still recognisable, floating outside the rest of the station. The ring that used to keep them together is destroyed, but they are still rotating around the main body in the circular formation that they were made to follow.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `	Nonetheless, three impressive cannon-like structures are still recognizable floating outside the rest of the station. The ring that used to keep them together is destroyed, but they are still rotating around the main body in the circular formation that they were made to follow.`
```

planet Osaeli
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/forest4

> 	description `An Earth-like planet with a large biodiversity, at first look Osaeli appears to be an idyllic world where no lifeform ever became the predominant one; but looking more closely, the signs of an ancient devastation can still be seen. In the middle of the forests, a huge amount of debris is scattered in large areas; scans reveal many underground bunkers, semi destroyed and filled with water.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `An Earth-like planet with a large biodiversity, at first look Osaeli appears to be an idyllic world where no lifeform ever became the predominant one; but looking more closely, the signs of an ancient devastation can still be seen. In the middle of the forests, huge amounts of debris are scattered in large areas; scans reveal many underground bunkers, partly destroyed and filled with water.`
```

		fleet "Large Militia" 8

planet Osaeli
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/forest4

> 	description `An Earth-like planet with a large biodiversity, at first look Osaeli appears to be an idyllic world where no lifeform ever became the predominant one; but looking more closely, the signs of an ancient devastation can still be seen. In the middle of the forests, fields of ruined buildings and antique pieces of debris are scattered in large areas; scans reveal many underground bunkers that have been filled of water for a long time, and are now rather similar to normal caves.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `An Earth-like planet with a large biodiversity, at first look Osaeli appears to be an idyllic world where no lifeform ever became the predominant one; but looking more closely, the signs of an ancient devastation can still be seen. In the middle of the forests, fields of ruined buildings and antique pieces of debris are scattered in large areas; scans reveal many underground bunkers that have been filled with water for a long time and are now rather similar to normal caves.`
```

planet Palarei
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/valley5

> 	description `While its short distance from the Gerenus star makes it considered to be only barely capable of supporting life, the surface of Palarei is full of thickets a small spiky bush native of this planet. Oddly enough, very few settlements on the planet appear to have been destroyed by weapon fire; most facilities are covered in meters of dust and sand, but other than that appear to be quite operative.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `While its short distance from the Gerenus star makes it seem only barely capable of supporting life, the surface of Palarei is full of thickets of a small spiky bush native of this planet. Oddly enough, very few settlements on the planet appear to have been destroyed by weapon fire; most facilities are covered in meters of dust and sand, but other than that appear to be quite operative.`
```

	government Uninhabited

planet Parii'het
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/space6

> 	description `Very similar to its sister station of Seli'het, Parii'het was still under construction when it was abandoned by its creators. Today it floats uninhabited in this rarely visited section of space, approached occasionally by the automated drones that mindlessly keep carrying new supplies to the massive cargo section. If the Ka'het attacked this station, it would be made entirely inoperable in a short time.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Very similar to its sister station of Seli'het, Parii'het was still under construction when it was abandoned by its creators. Today, it floats uninhabited in this rarely visited section of space, approached occasionally by the automated drones that mindlessly continue to carry new supplies to the massive cargo section. If the Ka'het attacked this station, it would be made entirely inoperable in a short time.`
```

	"required reputation" 15

planet Retilie
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/sea1

> 	description `Retilie is an oceanic world, where more than 95% of the planet's surfaces is covered by deep oceans that go down for many kilometers. Few traces of coastal villages are still visible, mostly composed of ancient metallic formations standing a few kilometers from the seaside, where the occasional high waves couldn't reach them.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Retilie is an oceanic world where more than 95% of the planet's surfaces is covered by deep oceans kilometers deep. Few traces of coastal villages are still visible, mostly composed of ancient metallic formations standing a few kilometers from the seaside, where the occasional high waves couldn't reach them.`
```

Author: "deep oceans kilometers deep" seems too repetitive

Reviewer: Agreed. Suggestion updated.

		fleet "Small Militia" 28

planet Siteria
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/water0

> 	description `A quite earth-like planet, the main sign of notability of Siteria is the large number of settlements on it: every few kilometers there are the remains of a sizeable village, some of which which even today still haven't been completely covered by vegetation. A couple cities even have a few tall buildings still partially holding together, as a sign of how durable the constructions of the planet's original inhabitants were.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `An Earth-like planet, Siteria is notable for the large number of settlements on it: every few kilometers there are the remains of a sizeable village, some of which which still haven't been completely covered by vegetation even today. A couple cities even have tall buildings still partially held together, signifying how durable the constructions of the planet's original inhabitants were.`
```

	security 0
	government Uninhabited

planet Veliante
	attributes ka'het uninhabited
	landscape land/fog5

> 	description `Veliante may have been a livable place once, but it is not like that anymore. Part of its southern hemisphere is filled with deadly levels of radiations, and even on the rest of the planet it would be safer not to remain on the surface without a suit for too long. While the animal life on the planet seems to have disappeared almost completely, plants and trees cover the surface in colorful patches of massive dimensions.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Veliante may have been inhabitable once, but it is not anymore. Part of its southern hemisphere is filled with deadly levels of radiation, and even on the rest of the planet it would be safer not to remain on the surface without adequate protection for too long. While the animal life on the planet seems to have disappeared almost completely, plants and trees cover the surface in colorful patches of massive dimensions.`
```
